The following data contains individual agent presence inside equipment zones (escalators and elevators) in a metro station.
Each row represents one agent detected inside a zone at the final second of a 30-second interval.

Your task is to detect congestion based on the number of unique agents inside each equipment zone at each timestamp.
To do this, group the data by timestamp and zone, count the number of unique agents, and compare the counts to congestion limits:

Congestion limits for escalator zones:
Low congestion: between 17 and 22 people.
Medium congestion: between 22 and 53 people.
High congestion: more than 53 people.

Congestion limits for elevator zones:
Low congestion: between 21 and 29 people.
Medium congestion: between 29 and 70 people.
High congestion: more than 70 people.

The data contains the following equipment zones:
Escalators: ESC1, ESC2, ESC3, ESC4,
Elevators: ELE1

Task: Find out if there is congestion detected in the data.

<Data>
{data}
</Data>

A congestion instance is defined as three or more consecutive timestamps (30 seconds apart) where any level of congestion (low, medium, or high) is detected.
For each equipment, list congestion instances.

Each instance listed should contain the following information:
- Time interval when congestion was detected, including weekday, date and time.
- Congestion duration in seconds (time between first and last timestamp of the instance).
- The highest congestion level observed during the instance.

Do this step by step:
1. For each equipment zone, group the data by timestamp and count unique agent IDs.
2. Compare the counts to the congestion thresholds to classify each timestamp.
3. Identify sequences of three or more consecutive timestamps with any congestion level (low, medium, or high)
4. For each valid sequence:
   - Record the start and end timestamp (including weekday, date, and time).
   - Calculate the duration in seconds.
   - Determine the highest congestion level observed.
5. Output the results in the following JSON format:

{{
  "zone": [
    {{
      "congestion_interval": "weekday, date, start-time, end-time",
      "duration_seconds": duration,
      "highest_level": "congestion level"
    }},
    ...
  ],
  ...
}}

Only return the JSON object. Do not include explanations or extra text.
Make sure to include the name of the zone before listing the instances. Do not list the same instance multiple times.
